Added Powershell folder and DataLogger scripts (#10)
PTCInc/Kepware-Example-Scripts: Datalogger/Powershell/Add Tags from CSV to Log Group/readme.md

> ## This is script is for example and instructional purposes only.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Add tags from CSV to Log Group

## Purpose: 
- Add a set of tags within a CSV file to a target Log Group

## To use:

> - Update 'csvs/deviceItems.csv' with desired set of tag paths and tag names (see Notes section below)
> - Update 'csvs/logGroup.csv' with target Log Group
> - Update 'csvs/auth.csv' with Kepware Username and Password for use with the Config API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update [csvs/deviceItems.csv](csvs/deviceItems.csv) with desired set of tag paths and tag names (see Notes section below)
- Update [csvs/logGroup.csv](csvs/logGroup.csv) with target Log Group
- Update [csvs/auth.csv](csvs/logGroup.csv) with Kepware Username and Password for use with the Config API
```
